dancing on it we got we got a guest
during the show in just a moment and we
got here it is no Winston is this your
first time calling where are you from
what's your story why don't you let us
know I'm just a poor lost boy living in
for lost boy living hey listen know
we've all been there you know one minute
you have a job and then a telecom comes
in or so somebody else since I'm killing
it then then you're spending your Friday
nights with our sorry your Monday nights
with Mark and Nick Alan it's just a
tough time look javis I learned my
lesson from from your example and I
invented this great thing called backup
options yeah people kept telling me to
do that and also a savings account
people kept telling me to have one of
those too and I just thought of that
dude you're an eSports journalist you
can't afford that no no of course not
okay Noah what do you got what are your
thoughts on seal G weird yeah what do
you want to put out there what are my
thoughts on CLG I mean my thoughts on
field you that my boy ujin is back
playing on starting roster again and I
can't ever root against reignover he's
just the precious little flower and I
love them so much sorry you're a seal
Japan's gonna take real good care of
them dude I look I can't say I'm a CLG
fan I'm sorry you only got I think of
the former IMT does yeah I think you can
say that if you want I think it's okay
look I I can't write like there are too
many teams with just a larger quantity
of former IMT players you got TL with
three former IMT players this tree got
fly quest also with three former IMT
players and multiple former IMT staff
members so you know my heart goes out in
a lot of different directions I got a
great question here actually I think so
coming from immortals to TL obviously
ran over struggled didn't look like
himself had a lot of issues
now on to CLG what do you think went
wrong at TL Noah and like do you have
any advice potentially based off that
for Lee Allen that would help
reignover succeed in CLG yeah for sure
so look I don't know everything that
goes on behind the scenes and different
teams so I don't want to make
assumptions about the way that he
worked or the way that CLG works so
everything is kind of speculation let me
know if I'm working base but I think I
think when tal picked up rain over the
the impression I got was that they kind
of expected him to be like this
high-level shot-caller or even if not
high-level like a similar level
shot-caller he's just like Mike growing
and Mack rolling people around the map
and it's just like taking full control
of the game and I love you Jen I love
reignover but that's just like not the
kind of player he is and so I think the
role that he was put into on TL was like
not the best role for him like he's a
super communicative player but he
communicates in a different way in the
Mac and I think CLG given that like all
those players that he's playing with
have significant macro knowledge right
like all of them have played with very
experienced players before or they are
very experienced players already I think
that's the kind of environment that he
thrives more in as opposed to an
environment in which he's kind of the
veteran with a bunch of rookies around
him that aren't as experienced or
knowledgeable
so the Mollick uestion would be then
with the loss of a fro mu is this a
concern that nick allen should have that
maybe reignover
might struggle given that they just lost
what was supposedly the most vocal
member of the team
well again I can only go by what I know
behind the scenes but from what I've
talked to some people about write it I
think on CLG it was a lot more of a team
effort and then maybe people have kind
of given credit for on social media it
wasn't just like after oh my crowing
everybody around it's not a fro in the
four wards right so a lot of that macro
knowledge that effort has from being a
super experienced player ends up getting
imparted onto darshan or sticks a or who
he and they carry that forward with him
right like it's not like he's just
talking about macro and going in when
you're here and out the other they they
absorb that and you got Tony to who's
super so right before you join the call
we saw a other you know LCS owner Andy
din of TSM tweed forget TSM vs. LG they
are a dead brand it's TSM vs. TLO next
split hashtag Lord's hash tagging LCS
hash tag TSM win what are your thoughts
on that statement
is the TSM vs EG rivalry dead and is is
it all about TSM versatile I mean look
if the story of CLG over the last five
years has proved anything it's that no
matter how close CLG gets to dead as
long as it can take one last breath
there's always a chance ok I like it
like you might not have afro you might
not have doubles I not have but like
y'all aren't dead yet yeah Noah is a
former LCS team owner and talking to
Nick Allen here who is a new LCS team
owner what kind of advice and wisdom do
you want to share with them what kind of
things are acceptable to say in a public
forum I would say number one you should
always be friends with Andy Din because
then at least when it's team beats you
he'll give you a hug that's important
did he not give you a hug is that the
lesson here what's sick no looking for a
hug for that hug spring 2016 not friends
didn't get hug ok bring the horse
tumbler 2016 was friends got a hug worth
it it was a simple man he just he just
suffer those hugs I was just pretty
friendless and I decided that eSports
was the place to make lots of friends it
would what else everything is harder
than it seems right when you put the
team together but like you work in these
bots for a long time you already know
that I guess like as an extension to
that never take team environment for
granted right like everything will be
going super super well and all it takes
is one little thing to derail the train
so you can't unless you have someone
that you fully trust can handle it
completely on their own and even then
like always keep an eye on it because in
a heartbeat it can it can shift oh so
you're saying you don't have anyone you
can trust
[Laughter]
was muffled I for some reason you moved
into your microphone got muffled made
that part even though SEC you initially
came into the league I think right when
Nick Allen left and joined twitch I
think those timelines are pretty close
together there was that like a Keith key
factor for why you decided to you know
get in on the LCS treat the cancer that
is Nick Allen was finally out of the
right office I mean you could put it
that way you could put it as Nick Allen
leaving was just the first of many
betrayals that I experienced you put
Nick do you have anything for for Noah
here ah good question when are you guys
gonna compete do you have any teams that
compete in this in the same league or
the same space yes go until recently
csgo I think actually one of Nick's
players pulled the greatest off the
field maneuver all of all time when his
tweet kind of pulled the an inside
takedown of the team oh really I try to
stay away from Twitter as you can we're
gonna win I'm Ruiz right past that smash
still go again in the future
previously in overwatch they're not
anymore cuz actually against CLG is in
which I think you should say everything
that you need to know about the respect
to future of our organization anytime
you want to come get a dota team we have
the only all Korean dota team so we'll
recce thanks very good sounds good well
I mark unless you have anything for no
no unless you have anything else for the
for the group I think it was good to
chat with you yeah that's about it for
me yeah okay thank you
basically
we argue you have a lot of other
concerns right now to deal with but I
don't have anything so maybe we can cut
grab lunch sometime and in LA and talk
about stuff sounds good oh you should
have turned him down there was 1,400
people to watch just shut down Travis
Travis has gone through a hard six
months ago and on that note by the way
if you have a twitch prime sub or
membership you can sub to this channel
for free and that means you know
hopefully you have trip
anyway thanks for calling ed we'll hear
from you again in the future I am sure
all right so thanks again to now if
we're calling in friend of the show and
former OCS oh no